bump cabal version to 1.9 (#1070)
kadena-io/chainweb-node: README.md

    (command-line and RPC) for directly interacting with the Chainweb or for
    implementing applications such as miners and transaction management tools.

*   `chainweb-tests`: A test suite for the Chainweb library and chainweb-node.

> *   `cwtool`: A collection of random tools that are helpfule for maintaining, testing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   `cwtool`: A collection of tools that are helpful for maintaining, testing,
```

    and debugging chainweb.

*   `bench`: a collection of benchmarks

### Architecture Overview

> ![Architecture Overview](docs/Overview.png)

Author: This diagram is outdated. Do we have a high quality version of the new component diagram from the "Kadena Teaches" videos?
